I'm not, I'm not too important of a CEO or whatever that even means.
 To to, to not do this because this is the lifeblood of of the organization. My goal is to meet as many people on this planet as possible people that are positive people that have more time to create than to be critical.
 Grant Cardone.
 The man himself. Come on, man. Hey let me tell you why I'm calling. All right. You got you got you got a second?
 I got 2 questions. You got a second.
 Okay, second question. Uh, why didn't you buy our product? Why didn't you buy our product?
 It is.
 and, and I
Gentlemen, I was talking to you. I'm very much sold on the product right now, though, I'm in the middle of
 So I kind of been waiting.
 time to implement, but
 of course, of course.
 And what would that right time? Uh, what what would that look like to you?
 uh, the
 Okay good. Good. Now, what's happening between
 Yeah, that's awesome, man. A lot happening for a lot of people right now, I agree with that. Yeah, let me ask you a question. What what do you when we get started in September? What do you hope that the product will do for you?
 You want more sales, you want to make more money, you want to have better organization? That's a good question. The second good question for today.
 I want to create.
And close deals quicker. You know, we work in, we work in high-end furniture, and lighting, our clients.
 Clients approval. So
 Find that tricky for us. How do we?
 Them.
 To close quicker guarantee.
 Yeah, the exact exact reason you're giving me.
 Is the number 1. Exactly, it's crazy, it's crazy. It's freaking like Freudian shit. So
 So look look now now let's say I get you generate more leads, we create a great culture and we close more sales financially, what would you hope for this to do for you?
20 or 30%, which is great. I love. Yeah. And and how much money would that quantify if I if I if I hit the top Mark 30%?
 Okay, 2 to 3 million a month or 2 to 3 million a year a year.
 Okay, that's thousand dollars a month.
 So we got we got what are we in right now? Is this June 15th or 16th? Something like that, June July.
 July, August, September. That's 2 months 2 months 2 times 800, how much is that?
 Cost you a million 6 to wait.
 If I guarantee you, we make you a million 6 in the next 60 days. Would you start today?
 Okay, I'm gonna have my guy call you back. All right.
Of your passion.
 Yeah. And it's so and and people like you who are
 Still behind their products.
 Fires me to, uh,
 Let's do it. Okay, let's do it. Hey, can I count on you to get started now?
 Yeah, let's do it. You're the man. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Bye, bye.
 Thank you Jared for giving me your dad.
 No, that's not Jared's dad but but I mean, look, sometimes that's all it takes.

