I somehow have unrestricted access to all the Great Pyramids of Egypt. Whoa, no, this is the coolest thing I've ever seen. We'll be going into the tombs of ancient pharaohs places that are literally illegal to enter because they're incredibly dangerous. What if we fall? Oh yeah, you'll definitely die. Well, even be swimming for a secret underground tomb, beneath the pyramids. Oh my God, we've only been granted 100 hours to explore and we're going to start right now. Follow me boys it's about to be fun. Is this so beautiful. Someone 4500 years ago? Put this rock right here correct. This pyramid dates back to about 4500 years old. The passageway we're in leads to what egyptologists say is. King Coos too. The pharaoh who may have ordered the pyramids to be built. Woah! Hey, this room
This call the Grand Gallery. What percentage of this pyramid? Do you think we've seen so far? We might never know the answer to that question. That's the coolest way you could answer that. This next room was the king's final resting spot as far as we believe. Yeah, let's do it.
 Whoa, holy crap, boys.
 What is this?
 4,600 years ago, this chamber may have contained The King's mummified body. This is where the Pharaoh was buried. This is what we believe is the final resting place. Believe, how do we not know? I think somewhere inside this pyramid. There's another chamber that we have not found, yet that might have the body of the king. You know what? And this video we're going to find it because we will
 from hundreds of,
The highest point in the largest ancient pyramid on Earth.
 Giant pyramids. I want to show you guys base camp.
 some tents to sleep in and
 No. Oh wow. Okay we even brought lights so you can see the pyramids from Camp that's got to be the most expensive NightLight that's ever existed.
 This is the pyramid. We're going to explore tomorrow. I want to start at 5 a.m. everyone gets some sleep.
 These pyramids were so tender logically Advanced for their time. That's some credit them to a pre- Egyptian civilization, while some point to even crazier theories, like alien, but egyptologists are sure that they were built by the first Egyptians as tombs for their keys. And by the end of this video, we're going to find out which of these theories is true. All right, boys. I hope you're ready to explore the next
Pyramid on our list, the Pyramid of kafra. What is special about this monstrosity? Well, this pyramid is how we learn how the casings of each pyramid. Look like, this is how they all look like, at some point, that was right after the aliens built them. No aliens Rommy lettuce, nearly 100 ft below. The Earth's surface deep into caf's. Pyramid, this is a place where hardly anyone in the modern world has ever been. So, to be honest, we had no idea what to expect going down here.
 The ancient Egyptians had cardboard.
 We believe that this was the burial chamber for King, kafra for the longest time and now they're using it to store stuff.
 Well, they're restoring the pyramid, Jimmy, they're going to use tools. So that means there's a real burial chamber.
